docs: Update intro to include a quick start (#283)
babylonlabs-io/finality-provider: docs/finality-provider-operation.md

# Finality Provider Operation

## Quick Start

Operating a finality provider on the Babylon network involves several key steps:

> 1. Importing your EOTS keys from Phase-1 or creating new ones
> 2. Starting the EOTS daemon
> 3. Adding a finality provider key
> 4. Configuring and starting the finality provider daemon
> 5. Creating a finality provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Operating an EOTS daemon program responsible for producing EOTS signatures
    by utilizing your EOTS key. If you participated in phase-1, you need to import your
    phase-1 EOTS key, otherwise you need to create one.
2. Setting up a finality provider daemon. The finality provider daemon will interact
    with the EOTS manager to create EOTS signatures and with the Babylon Chain
    to submit the signatures as transactions. The finality provider daemon requires
    a Babylon Chain account that is used to sign for the transactions.
3. Using the finality provider CLI to create your finality provider.
```

Reviewer: Yep, makes more sense to just have the next session imo
